Wireframe Function Specification Deviations

(NOTE: We realized that we probably weren't supposed to make the following
changes. However, it is too close to the deadline right now for us to fix our 
design. Sorry about that.)

1. Added "My Stack" list of all user's bullions at the bottom of the "Home" 
wireframe for both desktop and mobile browser views

Explanation:
We think that users may like to have this additional, convenient display, since
right now the user is only able to view his/her collection filtered by each 
metal.


2. Merged "Home" and "My Stack" wireframes for the mobile browser view

Explanation:
We think that having the "Home" and "My Stack" as two separate wireframes is 
unnecessary since the majority of the information presented in "My Stack" can 
be found or equally easily, if not easier, and logically reached from "Home". 
Therefore, we've decided to merge "Home" and "My Stack" to avoid what we 
believe to be redundancy. In further detail (describing our changes):

- In "My Stack", the large "Total Value" display and "Daily +x%" are already 
displayed in "Home", and the "Overall +x%" from "My Stack" has been easily and 
appropriately added to "Home".
- In "My Stack", each of the Gold, Silver, and Platinum total values can 
already be found in their corresponding "Gold", "Silver", and "Platinum" 
wireframes. We have moved the exclusive information for each of the metals - 
"spot price", "total ounces", "Daily", "Overall" - from "My Stack" to the 
corresponding "Gold", "Silver", and "Platinum" wireframes, as this is how the 
Desktop browser wireframes are structured. We don't think that it is necessary 
for the mobile view to have a side-by-side comparison view of the totals 
information for each of the metals.
- In "My Stack", there is a nice navbar with two buttons to toggle between 
number and graphical display of the statstics of the user's bullions, and we 
think that this feature should be available from "Home" instead of having to 
first enter "My Stack".

To summarize, we think that the homepage should have the "My Stack" feel. The 
provided "Home" doesn't say too much on its own, and much of "My Stack" 
overlaps with other essential wireframes. Merging "Home" and "My Stack" saves 
one click without really cluttering up or losing any provided information.

